Hey everyone, my name is Cecil and I'm here with my colleague Jay and we're from the Posit
support team and today we're going to talk through a little bit about Posit Workbench
and SSL certificates.
So in our case here we have an SSL certificate called Demosert which is in the Etsy RStudio
directory and as you can see the permissions here are read-only for the Ubuntu user and
group.
It's a good idea to change the ownership of this file to the RStudio-Server user or if
you're using a different service account to run Workbench it would need to be the service
account that you're using to run Workbench.
By default it's RStudio-Server.
So what we want to do here is change the ownership so that it conforms to that.
So what we do is a change of ownership for the RStudio-Server user and the RStudio-Server
group to the file that we're using for our SSL certificate.
So hit enter there.
What we also want to do is to make sure the permissions are set to 644.
So we can go ahead and run that command as well and then if we rerun the ls commit that
we saw earlier we should see the correct values here.
You can see that now the certificate file is using 644 permissions and it's owned by
the RStudio-Server user and RStudio-Server group.
So now the certificate is ready to be put into the configuration file of your PositWorkBench host.